## Inspiration
Over 1.7 million packages get stolen daily in the US alone! This leads people to either ship orders to community mailboxes or forces people to stay at home for more expensive items once it arrives. The delivery industry also only has resources for goods delivery, but the infrastructure is also in place for food and grocery delivery such as UberEats and Instacart (respectively). We decided to solve two huge modern-day problems with one BIN.

## What it does
BIN is a part hardware and part software solution to the mentioned problems. A smart delivery mailbox that changes how delivery is picked up. The smart mailbox only unlocks based on the last 4 digits of the tracking number on the placed order which only the delivery carrier knows. This prevents anyone else from unlocking the mailbox to steal the item. The mailbox is also designed to be weatherproof and airtight meaning that orders, once placed in the mailbox will be dry regardless of how much it rains or snows outside. The airtight feature allows the delivery of perishable foods to be delivered -a first for the delivery industry. Groceries and food can be ordered remotely and then placed in the airtight mailbox which will be unlocked once the user enters their unique 4 digit pin. 

## How it's built
The software for BIN is made using C++ coding the Arduino for the mechanical locking and unlocking feature while the app (UI) is made using partly Figma and Proto.io (to develop an interactive app that currently works on mobile). The BIN (smart mailbox) was designed on Solidworks and then prototyped to scale using cardboard.

## What's next for BIN, Smart Delivery Pickup
BIN will work on the backend of the app to connect data from the mailbox to the app itself. Along with that, BIN will work towards connecting other IoT devices such as smart home cameras that turn on when a mailbox has been open for more than the average time. For the app, we are currently working on integrating APIs to have a full history of everything that has been ordered to that address including tracking updates and carrier contact all under one dashboard so users will not have to check their email or the store's website to check on their delivery status. Using machine learning, we will in the future detect "problematic" orders such as back ordered items and items that are not tracked at certain places, which will be highlighted in red so users will have an update on anything that goes wrong with their order -on the app, instead to having to contact customer support to find what the problem is. We have a lot in store for BIN, in hopes to change modern delivery pickup methods!
